CHRIS.
>> Chris: KEVIN CORKE
REPORTING FROM THE WHITE HOUSE,
KEVIN, THANKS.
JOINING ME NOW FROM NEW YORK,
THE PRESIDENT'S LEAD LAWYER RUDY
GIULIANI.
MAYER, WELCOME BACK TO
"FOX NEWS SUNDAY" ."
>> Rudy: THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
THANK YOU, CHRIS.
LET'S START WITH MICHAEL COHEN'S
ALLEGATION THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP
DIRECTED HIM TO COMMIT A
CRIMINAL CAMPAIGN FINANCE
VIOLATION.
HERE FIRST IS THE PRESIDENT AND
THEN MR. COHEN.
>> I NEVER DIRECTED HIM TO DO
ANYTHING WRONG.
WHATEVER HE DID HE DID ON HIS
OWN.
HE'S A LAWYER.
A LAWYER WHO REPRESENTS A CLIENT
IS SUPPOSED TO DO THE RIGHT
THING.
>> HE DIRECTED ME TO MAKE THE
PAYMENTS.
HE DIRECTED ME TO BECOME
INVOLVED IN THESE MATTERS.
>> Chris: QUESTION, DID
MR. TRUMP DIRECT MICHAEL COHEN
TO PAY OFF THESE TWO WOMEN ARE
NOT?
>> Rudy: THE TRUTH IS ACTUALLY
WHAT COHEN TESTIFIED TO UNDER
OATH BEFORE, SAID WHAT HE
REPEATED NUMEROUS TIMES ON TAPE
RECORDINGS THAT HE MADE, WHICH
IS THAT THE PRESIDENT DIDN'T
KNOW ABOUT THIS UNTIL SOMETIME
INTO IT.
HE DID FIND OUT ABOUT IT AND
EVENTUALLY REIMBURSE HIM.
BUT THIS IS A HARD THING TO DO.
LAWYERS DO THIS ALL THE TIME BUT
EVEN IF IT WERE TRUE, IT'S NOT A
CRIME.
THE PAYMENT OF MONEY IN A
SITUATION LIKE THIS HAS BEEN
COVERED IN THE EDWARDS CASE.
NOT ONLY THE ACQUITTAL AND HUNG
JURY IN THE EDWARDS CASE BUT THE
FACT THAT THE FAC LOOKED AT
THOSE VIOLATIONS IN A THE WORK
VIOLATIONS.
>> Chris: I PROMISE WE'RE
GOING TO GET TO THAT IN A MINUTE
BUT LET'S GET TO THE SIMPLE FACT
QUESTION OF WHETHER THE
PRESIDENT DIRECTED COHEN TO MAKE
THESE PAYMENTS OR NOT.
COHEN SAYS THAT THE PRESIDENT IS
NOT TO BE BELIEVED, HERE HE IS.
>> THE MAN DOESN'T TELL THE
TRUTH AND IT'S SAD.
THAT I SHOULD TAKE
RESPONSIBILITY FOR HIS DIRTY
DEEDS.
>> Rudy: THAT IS SOMEWHERE.
HE WAS THE LAWYER IN THAT
SITUATION.
>> Chris: DOES THE PRESIDENT
TELL THE TRUTH OR NOT?
>> Rudy: THE PRESIDENT IS
TELLING THE TRUTH, YES.
THIS MAN IS LYING.
IT IS NOT A BIG SURPRISE TO YOU,
THAT MICHAEL COHEN'S LINE?
THE MAN GOT UP IN FRONT OF THE
JUDGE AND SAID I WAS FIERCELY
LOYAL TO DONALD TRUMP.
NONSENSE HE WAS FIERCELY LOYAL
TO HIM.
HE TAPED HIM, LIED TO HIM,
REVEALED THE TAPE AND DID
SOMETHING A LAWYER I'VE NEVER
HEARD EVER DID, TAPE RECORD HIS
OWN CLIENT.
HE SAT THERE WITH CHRIS CUOMO,
TOLD HIM HE WASN'T BEING TAPED,
AND HE LIED TO HIM AND TAPED HIM
FOR TWO HOURS.
THE MAN IS A COMPLETE
PATHOLOGICAL LIAR.
NEVER ON THE WITNESS STAND.
>> Chris: I UNDERSTAND.
THE REAL QUESTION IS THE
CREDIBILITY OF THE PRESIDENT,
NOT THE CREDIBILITY OF MICHAEL
COHEN.
LET ME JUST FINISH.
THE PRESIDENT HAS CHANGED HIS
STORY REPEATEDLY ABOUT WHETHER
OR NOT HE KNEW ABOUT HUSH MONEY.
HERE IS WHAT HE SET ON
AIR FORCE ONE, THE PRESIDENT,
SAT ON AIR FORCE ONE THIS APRIL,
EIGHT MONTHS AGO.
>> DID YOU KNOW ABOUT THE
PAYMENT?
WHY DID MICHAEL COHEN MAKE IT?
>> Chris: THE PRESIDENT SAYS
HE DOESN'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT
ANY PAYMENTS BUT IN ONE OF THOSE
TAPES WERE COHEN SURREPTITIOUSLY
TAPED TO THE PRESIDENT BACK IN
SEPTEMBER OF 2016, HERE ARE THE
PRESIDENT AND COHEN DISCUSSING A
POTENTIAL PAYMENT.
LET'S LISTEN TO THE TAPE FIRST.
>> Rudy: I REMEMBER IT WELL.
>> I'M ALL OVER THAT.
WHEN IT COMES TIME FOR THE
FINANCING, PAYMENTS.
>> Chris: SO WHICH IS IT?
TO THE PRESIDENT KNOW ABOUT THE
HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS ARE NOT?
>> Rudy: THE EVENT YOU ARE NOT
TALKING ABOUT.
I GOT CRITICIZED FOR REVEALING
WAS WHAT I FIRST CAME INTO THE
CASE.
NOBODY REALLY UNDERSTOOD WHY I
WAS DOING IT.
WHEN I FIRST CAME INTO THE CASE,
WE WENT THROUGH THE WHOLE CASE.
THE PRESIDENT SAID SOME NOTES,
DOCUMENTS, THOUGHT ABOUT IT AND
I WENT OUT AND SAID NO.
AFTER THE PAYMENTS TOOK PLACE
AND BEFORE THE REVELATIONS YOU
ARE TALKING ABOUT ON
AIR FORCE ONE, THE PRESIDENT DID
TALK TO COHEN OR PEOPLE IN
BETWEEN AND THEY ARRANGED TO
REIMBURSE COHEN.
THIS WAS AFTER THE PAYMENT WAS
MADE, AFTER IT WAS OVER, AFTER
THE CAMPAIGN WAS OVER.
>> Chris: YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT
CONVERSATION IN SEPTEMBER OF
2016 DURING THE CAMPAIGN.
THE PRESIDENT IS CLEARLY AWARE
THAT DAVID PACKER, THE HEAD OF
"NATIONAL ENQUIRER" HAD PAID OFF
KAREN McDOUGALL AND THEY ARE
TALKING ABOUT REIMBURSING HIM
FOR THAT PAYMENT.
>> Rudy: THERE'S A BIG
DIFFERENCE HERE.
THAT WAS A CONVERSATION HE WAS
ASKED THE MIDDLE OF THE
CAMPAIGN.
I WAS WITH HIM BACK THEN IN THE
MIDDLE OF THE CAMPAIGN.
HE'S WORKING 18 HOURS A DAY.
I'M NOT ABLE TO REMEMBER A LOT
OF THINGS THAT HAPPEN IN 2016.
HE WAS ASKED AT ONE TIME.
WHEN HE SAT DOWN WITH HIS LAWYER
WE IMMEDIATELY CORRECTED IT.
NOBODY PUSHED US, NOBODY FOUND
IT, WE FOUND IT AND WE CORRECTED
IT.
I GOT CRITICIZED LIKE CRAZY FOR
DOING IT.
>> Chris: ACCORDING BOTH TO
COHEN AND TO DAVID PACKER,
AGAIN, THE HEAD -- WAS THE HEAD
OF THE "NATIONAL ENQUIRER."
THEY SAY THEY WERE IN A MEETING
WITH DONALD TRUMP IN THE SUMMER
OF 2016 IN WHICH THEY DISCUSSED
THE PAYMENT TO KAREN
McDOUGALL.
>> Rudy: IT DOESN'T MATTER.
WHETHER IT HAPPENED OR IT DIDN'T
HAPPEN, IT'S NOT ILLEGAL.
>> Chris: YOUR MOVING SHELLS
AROUND ON ME.
EITHER HAPPENED OR DIDN'T
HAPPEN.
>> Rudy: THAT'S WHAT LAWYERS
DO ALL THE TIME.
YOU ARGUE IN THE ALTERNATIVE.
I WANT THE TRUTH TOO IN THE
TRUTH IS, TAPE-RECORDED
CONVERSATION DID TAKE PLACE, IT
EXONERATES THE PRESIDENT.
THE PRESIDENT TELLS COHEN DO IT
BY CHECK.
I'M SORRY, I'VE PROSECUTED
THOUSANDS OF CRIMES.
NEVER PROSECUTED ONE WHERE THEY
WANTED TO HIDE SOMETHING AND
THEY DID IT BY CHECK.
MAKE SURE THEY PAY THEM BACK,
THEY PAY THEM BACK.
IT EXONERATES HIM.
I WOULD PLAY THAT CONVERSATION
IN FRONT OF ANY JURY IN AMERICA
AND I WOULD CROSS-EXAMINE COHEN
IN FRONT.
VERY IMPORTANT, COHEN DID NOT
PLEAD GUILTY TO CONSPIRACY TO
VIOLATE THE CAMPAIGN FINANCE
LAWS.
IF THEY WERE GOING TO USE THEM
AS A WITNESS AGAINST ANYBODY YOU
ALWAYS MAKE THEM PLAYED GUILTY
TO A CONSPIRACY SO YOU CAN FILL
THE CONSPIRACY.
HE PLED GUILTY TO A CRIME OF
VIOLATING CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAW.
>> Chris: THE STATEMENT AS
REFERENCES TO INDIVIDUAL ONE
WHICH IS DONALD TRUMP.
HERE'S WHAT YOU TOLD
"THE DAILY BEAST" THIS WEEK.
I WANT TO PUT IT UP ON THE
SCREEN.
NOBODY GOT KILLED, NOBODY GOT
ROBBED.
THIS WAS NOT A BIG CRIME.
MAYER, WHAT'S THE THRESHOLD
BETWEEN A CRIME AND A BIG CRIME?
>> Rudy: MY STATEMENT THERE
WAS ABOUT THE PROSECUTORS VIEW,
NOT MINE.
HE WROTE THAT, ACTUALLY
CORRECTED THAT TO SAY THAT THAT
WAS TAKEN OUT OF CONTEXT.
MY POINT WAS THERE WAS NO CRIME.
EVEN IF YOU TAKE THE PROSECUTORS
VIEWPOINT, THIS PROSECUTOR WAS
APPOINTED, BOTH OF THEM, THEY
WERE LOOKING AT COLLUSION, NO
COLLUSION.
OBSTRUCTION --
>> Chris: NO, NO, NO, NO, SIR.
THIS HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH
COLLUSION.
OR OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
>> Rudy: IF THEY'RE PART OF
THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
>> Chris: I'M SURE WHEN YOU
ARE THE U.S. ATTORNEY OF THE
DISTRICT YOU DIDN'T TAKE ORDERS
FROM SOMEBODY IN WASHINGTON WHO
HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THE
ATTORNEY GENERAL.
YOU WERE YOUR OWN --
>> Rudy: THE PERSON IN CHARGE
OF THIS INVESTIGATION, CHRIS, IS
ROB ROSENSTEIN, THE DEPUTY
ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE
UNITED STATES.
HE IS THE BOSS OF MUELLER AND
THE BOSS OF THE SOUTHERN
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
IS THE ONE THAT DETERMINED,
LET'S MOVE IT OVER HERE.
HE PUT IT THERE IN THAT DISTRICT
OF NEW YORK AND KEEP SUPERVISION
OF IT.
DON'T GIVE ME THAT.
THEY ARE WORKING FOR THE SAME --
ROD ROSENSTEIN IS GOING TO MAKE
THE DECISION, NOT MUELLER ABOUT
WHAT TO DO WITH THIS CASE.
>> Chris: RIGHT.
>> Rudy: THIS IS A WITCH HUNT.
THEY ARE GOING BACK NOW TO 1982,
1983.
THEY ARE GOING THROUGH BUSINESS
RECORDS.
MY GOODNESS, THEY WENT FROM
COLLUSION TO OBSTRUCTION, NO
EVIDENCE.
NOW CAMPAIGN FINANCE, NO
VIOLATION OF THE LAW NO MATTER
WHO'S RIGHT ABOUT WHAT THEY
SAID, IT'S NO VIOLATION OF THE
LAW.
>> Chris: I WANT TO MOVE ON.
I'VE GOT TO MOVE ON, SIR.
>> Rudy: YOU WANT TO THE
TRUTH.
THAT'S THE TRUTH.
>> Chris: ALL RIGHT.
I WANT THE TRUTH IN A LIMITED
AMOUNT OF TIME.
PRESIDENT TRUMP TALK THIS WEEK
ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT
GENERAL FLYNN LIED TO THE FBI,
HERE HE IS.
>> THEY TOOK A GENERAL THAT THEY
SAID DIDN'T LIE AND THEY
CONVINCED HIM HE DID LIE AND
THEY MADE SOME KIND OF A DEAL.
AND NOW THEY ARE RECOMMENDING NO
TIME.
YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE THEY ARE EMBARRASSED BUT
THEY GOT CAUGHT.
>> Chris: DOES THE PRESIDENT
BELIEVE MICHAEL FLYNN LIED OR
NOT?
>> Rudy: I DON'T KNOW IF
MICHAEL FLYNN LIED.
TWO CONTRADICTORY THINGS.
YOU'VE GOT THE FBI SAYING AT THE
TIME THAT HE WASN'T LYING AND
THEN WE HAVE NO EXPLANATION AND
THE GUY PLEADS GUILTY TO LYING.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED IN
BETWEEN.
I DO KNOW THEY TREATED FLYNN IN
A WAY --
>> Chris: I'M ASKING A SIMPLE
QUESTION.
I WANT TO PUT UP A TWEET FROM
THE PRESIDENT A YEAR AGO IN
DECEMBER OF 2017 WHEN HE SAYS
THIS, I HAD TO FIRE GENERAL
GENERAL FLYNN BECAUSE HE LIED TO
THE VICE PRESIDENT AND THE FBI.
HE HAS PLED GUILTY TO THOSE LIE
LIES.
THE PRESIDENT A YEAR AGO SEEMED
TO KNOW THAT FLYNN HAS LIED.
NOW HE'S NOT SO SURE.
>> Rudy: THE PRESIDENT DOESN'T
KNOW THAT HE LIED.
HE KNOWS WHAT YOU KNEW AT THE
TIME.
THE MAN PLED GUILTY TO LYING.
>> Chris: NO.
HE KNOWS WHAT FLYNN SAID TO HIS
VICE PRESIDENT.
>> Rudy: THAT WAS A LIE.
BUT THAT'S NOT A CRIME.
>> Chris: I UNDERSTAND.
I DIDN'T ASK IF IT WAS A CRIME,
I ASK WHETHER IT WAS A LIE.
>> Rudy: YOU'RE GOING ALL OVER
THE PLACE AND YOU'RE REALLY
CONFUSING PEOPLE.
YOU ARE.
IF YOU ARE.
>> Chris: I DIDN'T ASK WHETHER
IT WAS A CRIME, I ASKED IF IT
WAS A LIE AND HE TOLD THE SAME
LIE TO THE FBI INTO THE
VICE PRESIDENT AND YOU'RE QUITE
RIGHT, LYING TO THE PRESIDENT --
LYING TO THE FBI IS A CRIME.
>> Rudy: THE MORE IMPORTANT
THING ABOUT WHAT THE PRESIDENT
KNEW OR DIDN'T KNOW, BECAUSE IT
DOESN'T INVOLVE THEM PRESIDENT
IN TERMS OF HIM BEING INVOLVED
IN ANY KIND OF SICK CONSPIRACY.
IT'S REPORTED THAT ONE OF MY
ASSISTANTS WHEN I WAS THE U.S.
ATTORNEY LIED TO THE COURT.
HOW DO I KNOW IF YOU DID OR HE
DIDN'T?
HE KNOWS WHAT HE READS.
THE MAN PLED GUILTY TO LYING.
I DIDN'T KNOW AT THE TIME.
I DIDN'T KNOW AT THE TIME BUT
THE FBI HAD PREVIOUSLY CONCLUDED
THAT HE WAS TELLING THE TRUTH.
I DIDN'T KNOW HE HAD BEEN
DEPRIVED OF A LAWYER.
I'M NOT CONFUSING PEOPLE.
>> Chris: THREE LAST QUICK
QUESTIONS.
THERE ARE REPORTS NOW THAT THE
SPECIAL COUNSEL IS INTERESTED
AGAIN IN INTERVIEWING THE
PRESIDENT.
HESS' OFFICE REACHED OUT TO YOU
ABOUT SITTING DOWN FOR AN
IN-PERSON INTERVIEW WITH THE
PRESIDENT?
>> Rudy: YES, THERE ARE
SEVERAL UNPAID PARKING TICKETS
BACK IN 1986-87 THAT HAVEN'T
BEEN EXPLAINED.
>> Chris: SERIOUSLY.
>> Rudy: SERIOUSLY.
UNPAID PARKING TICKETS.
>> Chris: IS THE SPECIAL
COUNSEL WANTING TO INTERVIEW THE
PRESIDENT?
>> Rudy: GOOD LUCK.
AFTER WHAT THEY DID TO FLYNN,
THE WAY THEY TRAPPED HIM INTO
PERJURY AND NO SENTENCE FOR HIM,
14 DAYS FOR PAPADOPOULOS, I DID
BETTER ON TRAFFIC VIOLATIONS.
>> Chris: WHEN YOU SAY GOOD
LUCK, NO WAY, NO INTERVIEW?
>> Rudy: THEY ARE A JOKE.
OVER MY DEAD BODY, BUT I COULD
BE DEAD.
>> Chris: DO THEY WANT TO
SPEAK TO THE PRESIDENT?
WHAT THEY DID TO GENERAL FLYNN
SHOULD RESULT IN DISCIPLINE.
THEY ARE THE ONES WERE VIOLATING
THE LAW.
LOOKING AT A NONCRIME COLLUSION.
THE OTHER GUYS ARE LOOKING AT A
NONCRIME CAMPAIGN VIOLATION,
WHICH ARE NOT VIOLATIONS, AND
THEY ARE THE ONES WHO ARE
VIOLATING THE LAW, THE RULES,
THE ETHICS AND NOBODY WANTS TO
LOOK AT THEM.
THEY DESTROYED STRZOK'S AND
PAIGE'S TEXTS.
19,000 TEXTS.